[All Hosts] (manifests) reorg and update main manifest articles for unified manifest (#4027)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/manifests.md

---

> title: Manifest configuration for Outlook Add-ins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Manifest configuration for Outlook add-ins
```

description: Get an overview of the add-in manifest markup and JSON that is relevant only to Outlook.

> ms.date: 05/24/2023
> 
> ms.localizationpriority: high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 05/24/2023
ms.localizationpriority: high
```

---

> # Manifest configuration for Outlook Add-ins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Manifest configuration for Outlook add-ins
```

# [XML Manifest](#tab/xmlmanifest)

The **\<Permissions\>** element contains the required permissions for the add-in. In general, you should specify the minimum necessary permission that your add-in needs, depending on the exact methods that you plan to use. For example, a mail add-in that activates in compose forms and only reads but doesn't write to item properties like [item.requiredAttendees](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox.item#properties), and doesn't call [mailbox.makeEwsRequestAsync](/javascript/api/requirement-sets/outlook/preview-requirement-set/office.context.mailbox#methods) to access any Exchange Web Services operations should specify **ReadItem** permission. The following is an example of setting an Outlook permission.

```XML
<OfficeApp>
...
  <Permissions>ReadWriteItem</Permissions>
...
</OfficeApp>
```

# [Unified manifest for Microsoft 365 (developer preview)](#tab/jsonmanifest)

> The domain of the add-in start page that you specify in the **\<SourceLocation\>** element is the default domain for the add-in. Without using the **\<AppDomains\>** and **\<AppDomain\>** elements, if your add-in attempts to navigate to another domain, the browser or webview control will open a new window outside of the add-in pane. In order to allow the add-in to navigate to another domain within the add-in pane, add an **\<AppDomains\>** element and include each additional domain in its own **\<AppDomain\>** sub-element in the add-in manifest.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Leftover from previous content?

Author: Strange. This paragraph isn't in the source file. I wonder why it's showing up here.

For details and samples of activation rules, see [Activation rules for Outlook add-ins](activation-rules.md).

## Form settings

> [!NOTE]
> Form settings aren't supported in Outlook add-ins that use the unified manifest for Microsoft 365.

> The **\<FormSettings\>** element is used by older Outlook clients, which only support schema 1.1 and not **\<VersionOverrides\>**. Using this element, developers define how the add-in will appear in such clients. There are two parts - **ItemRead** and **ItemEdit**. **ItemRead** is used to specify how the add-in appears when the user reads messages and appointments. **ItemEdit** describes how the add-in appears while the user is composing a reply, new message, new appointment or editing an appointment where they are the organizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **\<FormSettings\>** element is used by older Outlook clients, which only support schema 1.1 and not **\<VersionOverrides\>**. Using this element, developers define how the add-in will appear in such clients. There are two parts&mdash;**ItemRead** and **ItemEdit**. **ItemRead** is used to specify how the add-in appears when the user reads messages and appointments. **ItemEdit** describes how the add-in appears while the user is composing a reply, new message, new appointment or editing an appointment as an organizer.
```
